Pseudo-Code:

Initial Setup of bot:
1. A team Planning Poker Channel is setup, or can run in the actual team channel
2. Pokerbot associated and initial setup done within the channel
3. Configuration written to the database with channel ID and size type chosen

Using the bot:
1. Start session /pokerbot start - launches new session, write Channel Name and Time/Date Now to DB 
2. Facilitator gives a deal command, starting the first rounds of estimates "Planning Poker Game Has Started"
    All commands now get checked to see if this above deal command was initiated
    Deal command has to be given for each story until estimate is determined
    Story entered by facilitator PRODENG-11111 KMS Key Rotation
3. Team uses vote command followed by a valid size to estimate said story
    runs checks to ensure valid votes - will prompt error message
    Until reveal, user can change vote by running command again will say "changed vote to _x_"
4. Facilitator can check on who voted running tally command
    Will see if no one has voted, 1 person, some or All
    Facilitator encourage those who haven't voted, to vote
5. Facilitator uses reveal command when all votes are in
    Displays all players estimates via card/attachement
    check, if all votes are same - vote is accepted - record this story w/ vote, write to DB, restart for next story
    different estimates - estimates not the same message, discuss and vote again.
        Players can simply run new vote command until all the same
        **Can we put an override where Facilitator can merely set the vote
6. Facilitator Ends session via End command
    This kicks off a summary of the session displayed as a message in the channel
    May need to ensure deal command no longer active, meaning if next session starts deal in channel 
      doesn't pickup last sessions deal command

Future - Export next planned sprint API into DynamoDB, Session kicks off and iterates through stories in that session, 
updating the story points attribute, end session and kicks off API PUT into JIRA updating the estimate fields like a 
bulk change operation would do
